My gaming rig is in my living room. It's connected to a 50", 120Hz LED screen. My audio system is a 5.1 channel home theater receiver. _I don't have your typical gaming setup._My preferred controller for gaming is currently an Xbox 360 chrome series wireless controller, and I use it with the vast majority of games I play. I keep a wireless keyboard and mouse plugged in. Not because I like having them handy, or because I do a lot of typing on this machine, but because there's currently **no good alternative**.I like Xpadder and Joy2Key. I like the effort put into Big Picture Mode. The problem I have is that none of these things create a unifying experience. Console interfaces are serviceable for a controller, but aren't available for Windows users. Big Picture Mode is OK, but is not focused enough on anything beyond Steam to be very useful.Then there are the so called game launchers. These are mostly paid affairs, or trial "you can't use the best parts unless you pony up" software. The problem with this approach is it doesn't inspire any kind of love or loyalty for the software. And what languages are those things even coded in anyway? I'd wager it's not native Windows code.I wasn't satisfied with any of the game launchers or controller interfaces. I feel there is no Windows specific software to bridge the gap between the device I'm using and the control scheme I prefer. I'd like something that integrates well with Windows and treats emulators as well as platforms like Steam and Uplay. I don't think that is not too much to ask for.Finally, and as an aside: Windows XP did not come with support for XInput due to the fact that it predated XInput by several years. When drivers were released, they came on a disk or from Microsoft's website. The XBox Guide button-- useless on Vista, 7, 8, and 8.1-- did one thing and did it well: display a battery indicator on screen! Now here we are on Windows 10, and the guide button does something again... it's just not displaying battery information.