﻿﻿﻿**PC Gaming**. It's the pinnacle of gaming, even consoles these days are just middle of the road gaming rigs.  So why is there no unifying interface for all the app stores and emulators in use? After all, consoles get some kind of gaming specific user interface, right? Better yet, why is that interface not _controller friendly_?﻿﻿My gaming rig is in my living room. It's connected to a 50", 120Hz LED screen. My audio system is a 5.1 channel home theater receiver. _I don't have your typical gaming setup._My preferred controller for gaming is currently an Xbox 360 chrome series wireless controller, and I use it with the vast majority of games I play. I keep a wireless keyboard and mouse plugged in. Not because I like having them handy, or because I do a lot of typing on this machine, but because there's currently _no good alternative_.** Software Alternatives **- Joy2Key - Excellent programs, but only focused on a single application at a time. - Steam's Big Picture Mode - Nice feature. No boxarts. Lack of overall functionality.- Launchbox - Features gated behind paywall. Lack of overall functionality. None of these things really create a unified experience with a controller. Console interfaces are serviceable  for a controller user albeit limited in features. Windows gamers who play with a controller still have to use a keyboard and a mouse. _All the time._Then there are the so called game launchers. These are mostly paid affairs, or trial "you can't use the best parts unless you pay  up" software. The problem with this approach is it doesn't inspire any kind of confidence in the software. And what languages are those things even coded in anyway? Dash is being built in C#, for Windows 10 64bit with Visual Studio 2017.1. If I'm playing games, why do I need to interact so much with Windows? 2. If I'm using a controller, why do I need a keyboard and a mouse? 3. If I only do the above with my device, why is there no software to make it simpler?Dash is a game launcher and controller abstraction layer for Windows 10. The goal is to get Windows out of the way, and make it possible to navigate your rig with nothing but a controller.